Precisely speaking, I am a scientist working in the broad field of *Computational Materials Science*. Currently, I am employed as a *Senior Scientist* in the ***M**icro-Mechanics & **M**ultiscale **M**aterials **M**odeling (**M<sup>5</sup>**) Group*, Institute of Mechanics and Fluid Dynamics, TU Bergakademie Freiberg. I work primarily in the field of atomistic modeling, finite element simulations and multiscale modeling techniques, with particular focus on development of machine learning and data analytics frameworks for gaining knowledge from simulation methods.

[comment]: # "Born in the temple town of Belur in Karnataka, India, I grew up in the bustling and "happening" city of Bangalore. I studied Mechanical Engineering at the BMS college of engineering and obtained my Bachelor's degree in 2001. I then had a stint in the software industry for roughly a year and a half, before deciding to fall back on my "learned" skills - I came to Stuttgart, Germany in 2003 having enrolled myself in the Computational Mechanics of Materials and Structures (COMMAS) program. I graduated in early 2005 I was very intrigued by the mechanics of materials, a major topic of interest during my Master's course, and subsequently my Master's thesis. In Sep 2005, I moved to Freiburg, Germany to work at the Fraunhofer Institute of Mechanics of Materials IWM. I began my research in the field of computational materials science, involving primarily micromechanics of polycrystalline materials, including modeling complex material behavior like twinning and recrystallization. On 15. Dec. 2009, I successfully defended my PhD thesis at the Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT). My thesis advisors were Prof. Dr. Hermann Riedel and Prof. Dr. Peter Gumbsch. In retrospect, those four years were the golden years of my life - extremely challenging, sometimes frustrating yet fruitful and satisfying."
